Update documentation regarding dbt cloud prefix schema name (#351)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-enabling-continuous-integration-with-github.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/61536c9-Screen_Shot_2019-02-08_at_9.46.29_PM.png" title=""/>

## Understanding CI in dbt Cloud

> When Pull Request builds are enabled, dbt Cloud will listen for webhooks from GitHub indicating that a new PR has been opened or updated with new commits. When one of these webhooks is received, dbt Cloud will enqueue a new run of the specified job. Crucially, this run will be configured to build into a special, [temporary schema](configure using-custom-schemas) using the prefix dbt_cloud. The name of these schema will be unique for each PR, and is shown in the Run Details page for the given run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Pull Request builds are enabled, dbt Cloud will listen for webhooks from GitHub indicating that a new PR has been opened or updated with new commits. When one of these webhooks is received, dbt Cloud will enqueue a new run of the specified job. Crucially, this run will be configured to build into a special, [temporary schema](building-models/using-custom-schemas) using the prefix `dbt_cloud`. The name of these temporary schemas will be unique for each PR, and is shown in the Run Details page for the given run.
```
